if I could balance with anyone from
history it would definitely be the King
of Siam from King and I just thinking
with a huge massive dress you know my
earliest memory is when I was little and
the mum went to parents night and all
the kids apparently watch in Danger
Mouse but not me
I was Audrey Hepburn where the guitar on
the windowsill playing my guitar to
myself indulgence I don't know I suppose
I am a bit of a chocoholic yeah
chocolate does make me happy so my
indulgence would probably be chocolate
it's how you keep a big girl happy to
say just keep plowing her with chocolate
as well she can write if I was invisible
for the day then I would go to booking
and powers find William and Kate and
mate William realized that he was
actually in love with me and not Kate
Middleton at all by ambetter Kate little
that's another story
oh my ultimate fancy dress and I've done
this is the you know the Geri Halliwell
Union Jack I did that once but obviously
the a wider version
yes footer that was definitely my fancy
dress of choice